--- 
layout: post
title: Fly on the Wall
--- 
Question 1: Summarize the observations you recorded about the environment, people, objects, and interactions of daily life at Horace Mann. Note the different potential users that you observed and the behaviors/interactions that you witnessed. Make sure to describe the broader context of both the environment and the individual users themselves.
  In light of the Coronavirus, there have been a number of changes that have impacted both students and teachers. During online school, many problems presented themselves. First of all, there were numerous scheduling related issues. For example, each full credit class class only met twice a week and half credit classes only met once a week. Due to this decrease, students ended up learning less than they would if they were in person. In order to solve this issue, many teachers tried to teach topics faster which often caused to students to not understand the material as well.  Furthermore, there were often technical difficulties which also contributed to less class time. Furthermore, since Zoom only allows teachers to see students’ faces, it tended to be difficult to read students' body language, helping them ensure that students were engaged and understood the material. Additionally, teachers could not monitor if students were on their phone or doing something else that distracted them from class.
  On the other hand, there were also issued with in person school. First of all, despite attempts to enforce socially distancing, there are often times when people clumped together. For example, during break, people tend crowd around a tent to pick up their snack. Aditionally, in an attempt to prevent crowding during lunch periods, the administration opted to spread food out all over campus which makes it very hard to pick up and find the food efficiently. On a similar note, many people tend to disregard the arrows directing foot traffic while they are walking. Therefore, there are often crowds of people in the hallways during passing time. On days with bad weather, students crowd under tents to eat, requiring them to remove their masks, which is incredibly problematic. Therefore, teachers need to spend their off periods monitoring students’ social distancing and ensuring that everyone is being safe. In good weather, students are allowed to sit on the field during their off periods which often overlaps with outdoor gym classes. Furthermore, since there is so much space for students to eat and few garbage cans, there ends up being a lot of trash left outside. In addition, everyone needs to wear a mask at all times during classes which prevents teachers from reading students’ facial expressions. 
