--- 
layout: post
title: Fly on the Wall
--- 
1) 
  In light of the Coronavirus, there have been a number of changes that have impacted both students and teachers. During online school, many problems presented themselves. First of all, there were numerous scheduling related issues. For example, each full credit class class only met twice a week and half credit classes only met once a week. Due to this decrease, students ended up learning less than they would if they were in person. In order to solve this issue, many teachers tried to teach topics faster which often caused to students to not understand the material as well.  Furthermore, there were often technical difficulties which also contributed to less class time. Furthermore, since Zoom only allows teachers to see students’ faces, it tended to be difficult to read students' body language, helping them ensure that students were engaged and understood the material. Additionally, teachers could not monitor if students were on their phone or doing something else that distracted them from class.
  
  On the other hand, there were also issued with in person school. First of all, despite attempts to enforce socially distancing, there are often times when people clumped together. For example, during break, people tend crowd around a tent to pick up their snack. Aditionally, in an attempt to prevent crowding during lunch periods, the administration opted to spread food out all over campus which makes it very hard to pick up and find the food efficiently. On a similar note, many people tend to disregard the arrows directing foot traffic while they are walking. Therefore, there are often crowds of people in the hallways during passing time. On days with bad weather, students crowd under tents to eat, requiring them to remove their masks, which is incredibly problematic. Therefore, teachers need to spend their off periods monitoring students’ social distancing and ensuring that everyone is being safe. In good weather, students are allowed to sit on the field during their off periods which often overlaps with outdoor gym classes. Furthermore, since there is so much space for students to eat and few garbage cans, there ends up being a lot of trash left outside. In addition, everyone needs to wear a mask at all times during classes which prevents teachers from reading students’ facial expressions. 
 
  
2)
  Throughout my data points, there were certain repeating trends that were based around different environments and users. First of all, there were issues regarding student participation and attention. During online school, I recognized that it was significantly more difficult for students to learn. At home, students are in an environment where they have easy access to their phone as well as other objects that could easily distract them. In addition, they may be in a space with another person, whether it is a sibling, parent, or someone else, that could also distract them. When in person, there are far less distractions, and those that do occur will be communal. Therefore, students will typically be much more focused. In addition, there is significantly less class time online due to the HM 2.0 model as well as the frequent technical difficulties. If students were in person, they would have much more time in class, allowing them to learn more and dive deeper into topics. Thus, in person school appears to be the better option for students. 
  
  Another group of my observations regarded teachers. While online, teachers are able to see students’ full faces, allowing them to see their facial expressions clearly. However, by only being able to see their students’ faces, it is very difficult to tell if students are paying attention and understanding the material they are covering. While in person, teachers can see what students are doing at all times and comfortably ask if their students are keeping up since it is much less uncomfortable to ask questions face to face. Furthermore, while in person, teachers are given the tedious task of watching students during their lunch frees to make sure that everyone is being safe. Thus, it seems to me that online school is favorable to teachers.  
  
   The third group of my observations relates to safety. In person, there are several instances where people crowd together, whether it is to pick up snack during break or walking to class during passing times. In addition, students are encouraged to eat outside for safety purposes. While eating outside, there are several issues that have resulted such as an increase in trash and a lack of space for PE classes. Furthermore, there are often instances when students are much too close together without masks on. Similarly, students are required to wear masks during after school sports which is very difficult to enforce. Therefore, it is much less stressful if everyone were to go to school online. 

  
3)
  In order to collect my data, I watched for flaws that I noticed while attending school both online and in person. Online, I took notes on reoccurrinng problems that I noticed during my classes. Though, I found it very helpful to talk over my ideas with my peers in class as well as hear their ideas. By doing so, I was able to talk over my ideas to provide clarity as well as listen to others' ideas which allowed me to expand my list. In person, I walked around campus and observed different groups of people while brainstorming with Sarene. Therefore, I was able to not only come up with observations, but accordingly refine or expand them. Through this process, I did not have any issues. In fact, I found that I was able to make a list of observations with ease. However, I think that my data could have been better if I took notes as soon as I thought of them instead of writing everything down later on. I enjoyed this lab because I was able to look at online vs in person school in an objective way to focus on flaws that I typically wouldn’t pay any attention to. 

